README.md, before:

# Restaurant-Order-Program
A program modeling a restaurant with out classes
This is basicly a random program that I made that simulates a resturaunt program. I'm also using it to help me get 
familiar with github

## Use:
Go to https://Restaurant-Order-Program.hhbo64.repl.run
## How to help:
Help with accurate totals. [see issue 1 (https://github.com/hhbo62/Restaurant-Order-Program/issues/1)]

## How to use:
Under menu, choose an option: **start**, **help**, **about**, or **exit**

### Start:
Starts the program. You will be asked to choose how many of each items you would like to order. For example:

Sandwich: (1500 calories, $9.99):  
**1**

will order one sandwhich. After ordering as many sandwhiches as you like, move on to other items. After you have finished, you will be asked to confirm your order.
If you type **1** you will exit the program and be asked if you want to play again (if you type **run**, it will restart. If you type **exit** it will exit). If you type **0** it
will ask you again how many of each you want.

### Help:
***This feature is currently not availible***

### About:
This will show an about screen. If you type **exit** it will go back to the menu.

### Exit:
Will exit. (what did you expect it to do?)

Commit message:

Added pull request request to README.md

README.md, after:

# Restaurant-Order-Program
A program modeling a restaurant with out classes
This is basicly a random program that I made that simulates a resturaunt program. I'm also using it to help me get 
familiar with github

## Use:
Go to https://Restaurant-Order-Program.hhbo64.repl.run
## How to help:
If you can, open a pull request to help with accurate totals. [see issue 1 (https://github.com/hhbo62/Restaurant-Order-Program/issues/1)]

## How to use:
Under menu, choose an option: **start**, **help**, **about**, or **exit**

### Start:
Starts the program. You will be asked to choose how many of each items you would like to order. For example:

Sandwich: (1500 calories, $9.99):  
**1**

will order one sandwhich. After ordering as many sandwhiches as you like, move on to other items. After you have finished, you will be asked to confirm your order.
If you type **1** you will exit the program and be asked if you want to play again (if you type **run**, it will restart. If you type **exit** it will exit). If you type **0** it
will ask you again how many of each you want.

### Help:
***This feature is currently not availible***

### About:
This will show an about screen. If you type **exit** it will go back to the menu.

### Exit:
Will exit. (what did you expect it to do?)
